Render Readme

Models:
Most of my models were crafted from planes, I would get an upright plane, line it up with a reference image and cut out the shape using the knife tool (this was the case for the body of the M16 rifle and the bulk of the M1911 pistol) I would then extrude the plane making a 3D object with some semblence of my final model. This method, however, makes the side face of the model one large n-gon which led to some impossible faces later, to break this up I used the join tool to connect vertices and split up the n-gon, this also helped create the sharp low-poly look of the gun models. When creating all my models, except the shotgun, I used the mirror modifier in order to keep the models equal on both sides, this was incredibly useful as it meant I had to do half the work. As well as this I also sometimes made the models too high-poly, breaking the low-poly style of the rest of the model, this can be seen in the pistol grip of the M16 file in earlier versions, in order to cut these polys down I used the decimate modifier which reduces the geometry density. For the same reason I also used the un-subdivide operator on many of my cylinders to make them lower poly. Other than planes I used cylinders for the barrels of each weapon and for each bullet/shell, I used a basic cylinder and a combination of inserting facets, loop cuts, extruding as well as heavy use of the bevel tool (CTRL+B) in order to create each bullet's shape. The same techniques were used for the bottle also.

Materials:
A large amount of the materials used are metals, I set the 'metallic' value of most of the metal textures to 1 (or close to 1) in order to give them a metallic look, I also turned down the 'roughness' to add shine, this was the same for almost all of the materials except the text, shotgun shells, shotgun body, pistol grips and the bottle which aren't metallic. These materials had 0 metallic value and instead had a higher roughness value make sure they weren't shiny. The most interesting material is that of the bottle and the fluid inside, The bottle uses a white/grey BSDF glass instead of the default material and the fluid inside uses an orange Translucent BSDF material this allows refractions during the render to create a realistic glass effect as seen in the output render.

Composition and Lights:
I wanted my output to be a intriguing poster whilst still being minimal. I went with a portrait orientation to mimic a usual movie poster and kept all the models and the title right in the centre as the main focus, I wanted very dramatic lighting so I just have a single light in the scene casting from the right in order to cast long shadows out to the left. Another reason I placed the light here was so that it made some interesting interactions with the glass of the bottle which may not be visible in a darker area. The only other element emmitting light is the shader on the world, this allows the whole scene to be lit up uniformly. I also thought that this composition might be a little too minimal so I made the floor plane reflective in order to reflect the models and add more content to the image. I also made the world yellow in order to create a striking contrast with the red text.

Render Settings:
As I have a higher end GPU I used cycles rather than eevee so I could take full advantage of it, I set device to 'GPU compute' so it wasn't using my slower CPU. I changed the colour management settings to high contrast and upped the number of light bounces calculated in the render in an attempt to make the reflections and refractions better looking. Another minor detail is that I turned down the max samples in order to speed up rendering time as changing thesamples from 4096 to 1024 didn't seem to hurt the output render to my eyes.

NOTE: The reference images for each model can be found in the appendices
